
The global Cloud Based Digital Asset Management market was valued at US$ 6225.6 million in 2022 and is projected to reach US$ 12170 million by 2029, at a CAGR of 10.0% during the forecast period. The influence of COVID-19 and the Russia-Ukraine War were considered while estimating market sizes.

IT asset disposition (ITAD) is the business built around disposing of obsolete or unwanted equipment in a safe and ecologically-responsible manner.ITAD vendors specialize in the process of streamlining disposition of IT assets, while minimizing costs and maximizing recouping of losses. The efficient and secure elimination as well as recycling of discarded information provided by cloud data center IT asset disposition (ITAD) solutions is leading to their increased employment in enterprises.

This report aims to provide a comprehensive presentation of the global market for Cloud Based Digital Asset Management, with both quantitative and qualitative analysis, to help readers develop business/growth strategies, assess the market competitive situation, analyze their position in the current marketplace, and make informed business decisions regarding Cloud Based Digital Asset Management. This report contains market size and forecasts of Cloud Based Digital Asset Management in global, including the following market information:

Download FREE Sample of this Report @ https://www.grandresearchstore.com/report-sample/global-cloud-based-digital-asset-management-forecast-2023-2030-389

Global Cloud Based Digital Asset Management Market Revenue, 2018-2023, 2024-2030, ($ millions)
Global top five companies in 2022 (%)

Companies that provide Cloud Computing Data Center IT Asset Disposition (ITAD) mainly include Sims Recycling, IBM, HPE, etc. These companies have nearly 50% of the world’s market share.

In 2019, the market size of the United States reached 47%, Europe 26% and Asia 17%.

Cloud computing data center ITAD market by asset type is further divided into IT equipment and support infrastructure. IT equipment segment is further classified into servers, storages, network gears, cables, and racks. Moreover, the support infrastructure segment includes physical security systems, environmental controls, and uninterruptable power sources (UPS). By solution, the market is subdivided into data sanitization, recovery, and recycling.

We surveyed the Cloud Based Digital Asset Management companies, and industry experts on this industry, involving the revenue, demand, product type, recent developments and plans, industry trends, drivers, challenges, obstacles, and potential risks.

Total Market by Segment:

Global Cloud Based Digital Asset Management Market, by Service Model, 2018-2023, 2024-2030 ($ millions)

Global Cloud Based Digital Asset Management Market Segment Percentages, by Service Model, 2022 (%)

SaaS

PaaS

IaaS

Global Cloud Based Digital Asset Management Market, by Application, 2018-2023, 2024-2030 ($ millions)

Global Cloud Based Digital Asset Management Market Segment Percentages, by Application, 2022 (%)

BFSI

Telecom & IT

Healthcare

Automotive

Manufacturing

Food And Beverage

Power & Energy

Consumer Electronics

Others

Global Cloud Based Digital Asset Management Market, By Region and Country, 2018-2023, 2024-2030 ($ Millions)

Global Cloud Based Digital Asset Management Market Segment Percentages, By Region and Country, 2022 (%)

North America

US

Canada

Mexico

Europe

Germany

France

U.K.

Italy

Russia

Nordic Countries

Benelux

Rest of Europe

Asia

China

Japan

South Korea

Southeast Asia

India

Rest of Asia

South America

Brazil

Argentina

Rest of South America

Middle East & Africa

Turkey

Israel

Saudi Arabia

UAE

Rest of Middle East & Africa

Competitor Analysis

The report also provides analysis of leading market participants including:

Key companies Cloud Based Digital Asset Management revenues in global market, 2018-2023 (estimated), ($ millions)

Key companies Cloud Based Digital Asset Management revenues share in global market, 2022 (%)

Further, the report presents profiles of competitors in the market, key players include:

Adobe

Cognizant

EMC

HP

IBM

ADAM Software

Amazon

Canto

Filecamp

Google

MediaBeacon

Microsoft

North Plains

OpenText

Widen

Outline of Major Chapters:

Chapter 1: Introduces the definition of Cloud Based Digital Asset Management, market overview.

Chapter 2: Global Cloud Based Digital Asset Management market size in revenue.

Chapter 3: Detailed analysis of Cloud Based Digital Asset Management company competitive landscape, revenue and market share, latest development plan, merger, and acquisition information, etc.

Chapter 4: Provides the analysis of various market segments by service model, covering the market size and development potential of each market segment, to help readers find the blue ocean market in different market segments.

Chapter 5: Provides the analysis of various market segments by application, covering the market size and development potential of each market segment, to help readers find the blue ocean market in different downstream markets.

Chapter 6: Sales of Cloud Based Digital Asset Management in regional level and country level. It provides a quantitative analysis of the market size and development potential of each region and its main countries and introduces the market development, future development prospects, market space of each country in the world.

Chapter 7: Provides profiles of key players, introducing the basic situation of the main companies in the market in detail, including product sales, revenue, price, gross margin, product introduction, recent development, etc.

Chapter 8: The main points and conclusions of the report.

Get the Complete Report & TOC @ https://www.grandresearchstore.com/energy-and-natural-resources/global-cloud-based-digital-asset-management-forecast-2023-2030-389

CONTACT US:
276 5th Avenue, New York , NY 10001,United States
International: (+1) 646 781 7170 / +91 8087042414

Follow Us On linkedin :- https://www.linkedin.com/company/grand-research-store/
